add PR tips to CONTRIBUTING.md (#350)
w3c-ccg/vc-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

If you are making a pull request on behalf of someone else but you had no
part in designing the feature, you can remove yourself with the above syntax.

## Pull Request Guidance

The following is informal guidance on how to contribute pull requests.

> Please note that even if the text in a PR isn't perfect, you are encouraged to submit it to submit it as a first step to allow others to comment and collaborate on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that even if the text in a PR isn't perfect, you are encouraged to
submit it as a first step, to allow others to comment and collaborate on it.
```

TODO: put a link to 2023-11-28 call where this information was covered.

### How to pick an issue for PR
Look for the issues tagged with with "Ready for PR".

> Read through the issue and see if one has a good grasp of what is going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read through the issue and see if you have a good grasp of what is going on.
```

### Specification Syntax
[ReSpec](https://respec.org/docs) is the language used to write the spec.
Therefore, the way to edit the specification is to edit HTML, following ReSpec syntax.

### Key Files
The key entry point is [index.html](./index.html).

> In many pull request, this may be the only file that is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many pull requests, this is the only file that is changed.
```

### Commit Messages
For commit messages:
- Use "active voice"
- Use less than 50 characters

### Pull request branches

> If going to be editing can either make a fork or can ask for editing access to the repo
> If making a significant change, always make a new branch.
> It is advisable to put username in the branch name.
> - This makes it easier to know which branches to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin editing, you can make a fork or ask for editing access to the repo.
If making a significant change, always make a new branch.
It is generally advisable to put your username in the branch name; this makes
it easier to know which branches to prune over time.
```

### Pull request descriptions

> This issue number should be included the PR description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any associated issue number(s) should be included the PR description.
```

> There is automation which adds preview and diff links added to the description.
> This is done using a library called "PR Preview", which is configured in pr-preview.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is automation which adds `preview` and `diff` links to the PR description.
This is done through GitHub "CI" or "Continuous Integration" by a library
called `PR-Preview`, which is configured in `.pr-preview.json`.
```

> *Note: Some things are broken in preview & diff: images, rending of API files*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note:** Some things are broken in preview & diff, such as images and 
rendering of API files*
```

### Specification Syntax
[ReSpec](https://respec.org/docs) is the language used to write the spec.
Therefore, the way to edit the specification is to edit HTML, following ReSpec syntax.

### Key Files
The key entry point is [index.html](./index.html).
In many pull requests, this is the only file that is changed.

### Commit Messages
For commit messages:
- Use "active voice"
- Use less than 50 characters

### Pull request branches
To begin editing, you can make a fork or ask for editing access to the repo.
If making a significant change, always make a new branch.
It is generally advisable to put your username in the branch name; this makes
it easier to know which branches to prune over time.

### Pull request descriptions

Any associated issue number(s) should be included the PR description.

There is automation which adds `preview` and `diff` links to the PR description.
This is done through GitHub "CI" or "Continuous Integration" by a library
called `PR-Preview`, which is configured in `.pr-preview.json`.

***Note:** Some things are broken in preview & diff, such as images and 
rendering of API files*

### Pull request reviewers
Reviewers should be added by the pull requester.

> A "healthy" number of reviewers is good.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A "healthy" number of reviewers, usually at least 3 people other than yourself, is good.
```

## Edit style guide
The following are style tips when editing the specification.
- Try to have max of 80 char (do hard wrap, not auto wrap)

> - Left justify text

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Indent HTML to the proper level using two-spaces per level.
- Left justify prose to the first column
```

```

If you are making a pull request on behalf of someone else but you had no
part in designing the feature, you can remove yourself with the above syntax.

## Pull Request Guidance

The following is informal guidance on how to contribute pull requests.

Please note that even if the text in a PR isn't perfect, you are encouraged to
submit it as a first step, to allow others to comment and collaborate on it.

> A walkthrough session covering PR tips is available in the recording of the [2023-11-28 VC API call](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-vcapi-2023-11-28.mp4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A walkthrough session covering PR tips is available in the recording of the
[2023-11-28 VC API call](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-vcapi-2023-11-28.mp4).
```

Therefore, the way to edit the specification is to edit HTML, following ReSpec syntax.

### Key Files
The key entry point is [index.html](./index.html).
In many pull requests, this is the only file that is changed.

### Commit Messages
For commit messages:
- Use "active voice"
- Use less than 50 characters

### Pull request branches
To begin editing, you can make a fork or ask for editing access to the repo.
If making a significant change, always make a new branch.
It is generally advisable to put your username in the branch name; this makes
it easier to know which branches to prune over time.

### Pull request descriptions

Any associated issue number(s) should be included the PR description.

There is automation which adds `preview` and `diff` links to the PR description.
This is done through GitHub "CI" or "Continuous Integration" by a library
called `PR-Preview`, which is configured in `.pr-preview.json`.

***Note:** Some things are broken in preview & diff, such as images and 
rendering of API files*

### Pull request reviewers
Reviewers should be added by the pull requester.
A "healthy" number of reviewers, usually at least 3 people 

> other than yourself, is good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other than the PR author, is good.
```

### Merging Pull Requests

PRs should be merged using a "Rebase merge", rather than a "Squash and merge".
Merge commits are disabled to maintain a linear commit history.

> "Rebase and merge" is preferred because it maintains the authorship and commit date information which can be important for determining intellectual property contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Rebase and merge" is preferred because it maintains the authorship and commit
date information which can be important for determining intellectual property
contributions.
```

> It is recommended to merge PR using a "Rebase merge", rather than a "Squash and merge".
> Merge commits are disabled in order maintain a linear commit history.
> "Rebase and merge" is prefered because it maintains the authorship and commit date information which can be important for determining intellectual property contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PRs should be merged using a "Rebase merge", rather than a "Squash and merge".
Merge commits are disabled to maintain a linear commit history.
"Rebase and merge" is preferred because it maintains the authorship and commit date information which can be important for determining intellectual property contributions.
```

## Edit style guide

> The following are style tips when editing the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are style tips when editing the specification:
```

- Try to have max of 80 char (do hard wrap, not auto wrap)

> - Indent HTML to the proper level using two-spaces per level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Indent HTML to the proper level using two spaces per level.
```
